---
layout: post
title:  "Rope"
author: Doktor Vater
date:   2026-05-23
category: realms
---

Rope represents the main field of study for this hand and therefore every member must commit to earning the public badge for the realm of rope before anything else. This first rope badge can be worn on either side. 

Members are considered to be just apprentices until they earn their first rope badge and the status of compagnon. So, until a member displays a rope badge, she or he may only attend meetings when a member has invited them. All compagnons who display a rope badge may attend any hand meeting. 

Their are six steps the must be earned in this order: 
1. Attend a rope class that includes a discussion of how to safely tie limbs without damage to nerves or blood vessels.
2. Write a post on the hand discord site where you describe how what you learned about safety will guide your practice in rope. This must be well thought out.
3. Research the different styles of rope made from different materials and how they affect shibari practice. Purchase two hundred feet/sixty-five meters of your preferred rope and prepare the lengths you want to use.
4. Practice the square knot, two single-column ties, and a double-column tie that uses a completely different knot. 
5. Select four tie patterns that include different types of harnesses and restraints. In total they should use all the knots you have practiced. Find opportunities to practice your patterns on a person. Your first session of pattern practice with someone must be observed by a hand master with three skill patches. And then after some practice, you must have two more sessions witnessed by a hand compagnon in which you successfully tie all four patterns. 
6. Smoothly and swiftly display your four patterns correctly on a person while being witnessed by two other people who are compagnon members of this hand.

Anyone looking to earn a rope badge for being tied up must complete all six steps, including purchase of rope, practice of the four knots, and selection of four patterns. Practice on a person for the kink recipient badge means that you will be practiced on by a compagnon with a tying rope badge. In either giving or receiving rope kink, self-tying is considered practice but may not be considered for any of the witnessed sessions needed to earn the badge, so you will want to have some of your practice involve another person. If compagnons are witnessing you being tied up as one of the steps in earning your rope badge, the person tying the knots must wear an earned tying rope badge and two tying rope skill badges.

The two witnesses must be at the meeting in which the apprentice gets approval to rise to compagnon status and wear the rope badge. You must train for at least thirteen weeks and master the six steps before the badge can be approved. If a year has passed since the commitment meeting, the members may vote to allow you to continue to train up to another year. This renewal may not be repeated.
