---
layout: post
title:  "Badges"
author: Doktor Vater
date:   2026-05-21
category: badges
---

If accepted as an apprentice, you must immediately commit at that meeting to earn the first rope badge and thereby advance to compagnon status in the hand. The rope badge you are attempting to earn must look the same as a badge worn by any hand member or else be approved by the members at the meeting where you were accepted. The first badge should only make a visual reference to rope or knots, without suggesting sex or kink. 

Badges are always to be displayed publicly at hand events on a jacket, shirt, or vest. A compagnon can receive a badge for all levels and skills as either a giver or a receiver. This is to be represented by displaying a badge on the left side of the front of the body for experience gained in doing things, while the right side of the front of the body is for badges that show advancement in having kink done to you. The two aspects of the same skill will be represented by an identical badge on both sides of the chest. Differences in the type of activity may warrant different badges. Identical badges to the ones you wear in public on your chest may be attached to a bag used to bring kink equipment to hand events, in the same layout as that used on your clothing. Only copies of your first rope badge, however, without reference to kink, may be worn or displayed by any hand members in any other context. Display of your other kink badges in public will result in temporary or permanent expulsion by the meeting of the hand. Rope badges seen at any other occassion but at an official hand event are not to be recognized or commented on.

As with the first badge, your choice of a skill badge different from any of the ones worn in your hand means that you must bring the badge to your commitment meeting and have it approved by a majority of those compagnons attending the meeting.

If you are at a public event with another hand member to have that person witness a skill achievement, both of you must be wearing your Kinkwright rope badges during the event. Many compagnons opt to wear their kink achievements hidden by another garment if it is not a hand event.

Wearing any badge in public that suggests rope or kink without earning that badge from the hand will result in being banned the group.
