---
layout: post
title:  "Skills"
author: Doktor Vater
date:   2026-05-25
category: skills
---

Skill badges may be patches or pins. They must either look the same as those worn by a least one compagnon of the hand or be approved at your commitment meeting. Each badge acknowledges that you have earned recognition for learning kink skills. The badges generally start with a broad area and then get more specific, but you can earn multiple badges, such as getting a suspension badge and following that up with chest harnesses and then hip harnesses. Many compagnons follow their rope badge with a badge for floor work, one for suspension, and then perhaps one for rope restraint, before specializing in any particular knots or patterns. 

There are six steps the must be completed to earn a badge in a broad realm of skills such as floor work or suspension: 
1. Attend a rope class specific to that activity which includes a discussion of how to safely avoid falls, nerve damage, and blood vessel damage.
2. Write a post on the hand discord site where you describe how what you learned about safety showed you special considerations for this type of kink and how that will guide your practice in rope. This must be well thought out.
3. Set up a space where you can regularly practice, with all of the right equipment in place.
4. Practice four new patterns on a person. These should include the knots and bindings used often for your selected style, so you will need to research common, safe practices and they should not be skills you have already earned badges for.
5. Arrange to meet a badge-wearing mentor, as well as a compagnon of the hand you will tie, at three public rope events where you practice all four of your patterns on the compagnon safely and efficiently. Practicing the four ties at least three times in front of witnesses from the hand can be broken up between a larger number of events if necessary, but it must include three sessions for each of the four ties. Public practice with safety monitors is always encouraged when you are tying someone, but witnesses and the tied person must be members of the hand for the practice sessions to count towards this step.
6. Smoothly display your four patterns correctly on a person while being witnessed by two other people who are compagnon members of this hand with patches in the same style you are practicing. Your witnesses might insist that you have done a certain amount of practice and/or public displays before agreeing to witness your final demonstration. The demonstration is often scheduled to take place at a hand meeting.

There are six steps the must be completed to earn a pattern badge: 
1. Attend a rope class specific to that pattern taught by an experienced rope teacher you have never met.
2. Describe the pattern in detail, including illustrations, on the hand discord site. Make certain that you include a personal twist that you have invented.
3. Practice the knots involved at least five times a week and complete the entire pattern at least another five times a week. Keep a record of your practice sessions and any problems that you had. 
4. Practice the complete pattern on another person three times in three consecutive weeks.
5. Convince at least one new person to attend a hand meeting and commit to pursuing the rope badge. 
6. Smoothly tie your pattern on another compagnon in front of all the compagnons at the hand meeting where your badge is to be approved. 

Just as with the first rope badge, you must train for at least thirteen weeks and master the six steps before the badge can be approved. If a year has passed since the commitment meeting, the members must vote to allow you to continue to pursue the badge. The hand only permits one such renewal.
